**About**
--------
PCoIP Log Analyzer is a set of PowerShell commandlets which allows you to analyze pcoip_server log files generated by VMware Horizon View Agent v5.3 - 7.x.

**Installation**
--------
To install PCoIP Log Analyzer simply copy the PCoIPLogAnalyzer.psm1 file from the repository to your computer. Then execute command _Import-Module PCoIPLogAnalyzer.psm1_ to add commandlets to PowerShell.

**Execution**
--------
Use PowerShell commandlet Get-PCoIPStatistics to analyze log file.

_Get-PCoIPStatistics -FilePath \<string\> [-ResultPath \<string\>] [-Format \<string\>] [-NoScreenOutput] [-MaxSamples \<int\>]_

Parameters:
-  -FilePath \<string\>   - (mandatory) Specify path to the pcoip_server log file.
-  -ResultPath \<string\> - (optional) Specify path to export results to the file.
-  -Format \<string\>     - (optional) Specify the report format. Supported values are: CSV, HTML or TEXT. By default data is saved in the TEXT format.
-  -NoScreenOutput      - (optional) Specify this parameter, if you want to skip output the result to the console.
-  -MaxSamples \<int\>    - (optional) Set the maximum number of rows to output. If not defined, the default value is 500.

Examples:

  #Analyze log file, and print the report to the console
  
  _Get-PCoIPStatistics -FilePath "C:\Temp\pcoip_server_2017_12_19_000034d0.txt"_
  
  #Analyze log file, generate the report and export it to the HTML file
  
  _Get-PCoIPStatistics -FilePath "C:\Temp\pcoip_server_2017_12_16_00000230.txt" -ResultPath "C:\Temp\report.html" -Format HTML_

Use PowerShell commandlet Import-PCoIPLog to get an PowerShell object which contains session data from the log file.

_Import-PCoIPLog -FilePath \<string\>_

Parameters:
-  -FilePath \<string\>   - (mandatory) Specify path to the pcoip_server log file.
Examples:

  #Get and object from the log file
  
  _$PCoIPLog = Import-PCoIPLog -FilePath "C:\Temp\pcoip_server_2017_12_19_000034d0.txt"_

**Releases**
--------
v2.0 - Redesigned to PowerShell module architecture.

Added Import-PCoIPLog, Export-PCoIPStatistics, Show-PCoIPStatistics and Get-PCoIPStatistics commandlets.

Added support for Horizon Agent v5.3 and 6.x logs.

v1.1 - Fixed display of audio/image/other traffic RX and TX statistics.

v1.0 - Initial release.

**Known issues**
--------
1. Current version supports pcoip_server log files generated by VMware Horizon Agent version 5.3, 6.x or 7.x. Other versions could have some changes in log format and are not supported.
2. Current version does not display some statistics from log files from desktops with PCoIP Hardware Host Card (Teradici Remote Workstation Card).
3. To correctly display the styles and charts in the HTML report, your computer needs access to https://code.jquery.com and https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com to download additional java scripts and stylesheets.
